football
work
need to
from the Arabs wait a little later not
understand his card I will try interests
this country of the year
on the rights
f truth dollars only for study
synod
this morning we have some problems fail
systems cause security systems
still amazing how completely still here
not out of order
m
you know you can't be on
the post is undoubtedly Italy for service
to parents
yes yes I know the length of the access system on
action was ready for a long sitting
I can not access my files
i can't read my point i don't even
I can get to my office
I know myself
we do our best to take
give us a little control
of time
I don't have time anymore if they
provide reports to the administrator in
for the next hour there may not
threaten dismissal and I will take care to
such problems have arisen not only
me
m
prim
could
m
poppy
but
cube
a cube
prim
x
five
and rubles
but
and every ak
m
l
when
true
I know that recently here but if you
you want not on his side
crew car
at
Astana
3m
could
word
Besides
l
david hey
to
m
but not that some
having problems with the main thing is that
survive
why don't you go there and not
try to fix everything
why should they wear funny pants
tie
5 5 5
prim